#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass psuthesis
\options phd
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmodern" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype true
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing other 1.24
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

% !TEX root = ../JustinRodriguez-Dissertation.tex
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The organization of this dissertation is as follows: This chapter gives
 a brief overview of why ferroelectrics and 2D materials are areas of active
 study and some historical context for those areas.
 Chapter 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "chapter:Background"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 outlines some of the relevant background and literature that is helpful
 in understanding the later chapters, focusing on semiconductors, ferroelectrics
, and 2D indium-selenium materials.
 Chapter 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "chap:Sample-fabrication-methods"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 goes over the experimental techniques used for the work done in this dissertati
on.
 Chapter 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "chapter:InSe-films"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 discusses our work on InSe film devices.
 Chapter 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "chapter:FeSm-FET"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 discusses our work on 
\begin_inset Formula $\ensuremath{\alpha}\textrm{-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 ferroelectric-semiconductor channel field effect transistors, showing evidence
 for ferroelectricity in thin flake devices and the emergence of a electric
 field induced metallic state.
 Finally, chapter 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "chapter:Conclusion"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 gives a short summary of the work done and possible future directions of
 study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Introduction
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "chapter:Introduction"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ferroelectricity was first experimentally observed just over 100 years ago
 in 1920 by a PhD student at the University of Minnesota, Joseph Valasek
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "2020century"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Valasek was originally working with piezoelectric crystals to develop a
 seismograph when he observed that placing one such material, Rochelle salt,
 in an electric field showed S-like curve with hysteresis
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "valasek1921piezoelectric"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Ferromagnetism was already known at the time of the discovery so Valasek
 made the analogous connection showing the relationship between magnetic
 and electric fields.
 This gave rise to the term 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

ferroelectricity
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 even though such materials rarely contain iron like their ferromagnetic
 precursors.
 Ferroelectricity was largely ignored until the discovery of barium titanate
 (
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{BaTiO_{3}}$
\end_inset

) during the second world war, where Valasek was seeking to use ferroelectrics
 to make transducers for submarine detection.
 Barium titanate had many physical advantages compared to Rochelle salt,
 it was chemically stable at room temperature, insoluble in water, a high
 dielectric constant, and more robust ferroelectricity.
 Its simple structure helped researchers investigate ferroelectricity, eventuall
y resulting in the Landau-Ginzberg-Devonshire phenomenological model of
 ferroelectricity in 1951
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "devonshire1949xcvi"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Barium titanate is still used today in ``condensers'' and capacitors as
 its relative permittivity is much greater than most non-ferroelectric dielectri
cs.
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "scott2007applications"
literal "true"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{BaTiO_{3}}$
\end_inset

showed that oxide crystals could be ferroelectric, and in the decades following
 the Second World War hundreds new ferroelectric compounds were discovered.
 Ceramics are the most common ferroelectrics in use, due to the ease of
 manufacture and the ability to build complex configurations in while still
 behaving like a single ferroelectric crystal.
 In 1952 lead zirconate-titanate (PZT) was discovered and has become one
 of the most widely used piezoelectric ceramics, though recent efforts have
 sought to find lead-free alternatives that are more environmentally friends.
 All ferroelectric materials are also piezoelectric and pyroelectric, though
 the reverse is not true, and many have found applications in ultrasound,
 capacitors, transducers, micropositioners, energy harvesters, night vision,
 sensors, and many other devices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The applications of ferroelectrics to modern electronics are numerous and
 diverse, but one of most sought after goals is to enhance random access
 memory (RAM) with a ferroelectric dielectric.
 While the original idea for ferroelectric RAM (FeRAM) was first proposed
 by Dudley Allen Buck’s in his 1952 master’s thesis, limitations of the
 known ferroelectric materials have prevented commercialization.
 To integrate with silicon transistors, ferroelectrics must be scaled down
 to a few nanometers in thickness, have a scalable growth processes that
 is compatible with the temperature limitations of the other materials and
 lithography processes, all while maintaining their electronic properties.
 The development of thin ferroelectric films into standard silicon circuits
 in 1984 was one of the first major milestones approaching practical FeRAM
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "scott1989ferroelectric"
literal "true"

\end_inset

 and since then researchers and engineers have continued to push towards
 this goal.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since the initial exfoliation of graphene using tape, interest in 2D materials
 has exploded.
 Mechanical exfoliation of bulk crystals provides a means to generate high-quali
ty, thin crystals and remove the constraints of the substrate when growing
 a material.
 The 2D nature of the materials means they have fewer dangling bonds along
 one surface and less interface effects than a typical 3D crystal.
 Exfoliation has let us study the intrinsic properties of the material,
 reducing the influence of the substrate.
 It can also be used to quickly manufacture new devices, such as field effect
 transistors (FETs).
 These devices in turn, let us modify the crystal though the application
 of electric or magnetic fields, heterostructure interfaces, light, strain
 and stress, and many other methods.
 With this we can select materials with useful quantities, such as high
 carrier mobility or ferroelectricity, to be used in commercial and research
 applications.
 Exfoliated flakes of material are too inconsistent in size and quality
 to scale to most applications.
 Grown films are used instead as they can be made as large as needed, and
 can be optimized to match the properties of the flakes.
 The films can be introduced into industrial scale processing, allowing
 companies to enhance modern electronics with the desired properties of
 the 2D materials.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
