#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass psuthesis
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{singlespace}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Modern microelectronics seeks to miniaturize transistors and follows Moore's
 Law, seeking faster logic, lower power usage, and denser storage.
 Progress in this direction can no longer rely on traditional techniques
 and materials, as fundamental limits to materials become more significant
 as devices shrink.
 In this dissertation I present work I carried out in collaboration with
 other researchers, which includes crystal characterization and transport
 measurements on two layered indium-selenium compounds featuring van der
 Waals interlayer coupling, 
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-InSe and 
\begin_inset Formula $\ensuremath{\alpha}\textrm{-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

, that may provide new avenues to advance microelectronics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I first review back ground information on semiconductors, field effect transisto
rs, ferroelectricity, and layered transition metal chalcogenides.
 I summarize experimental methods including device preparation and measurements.
 I then present our work on 
\begin_inset Formula $\ensuremath{\alpha}\textrm{-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 ferroelectric-field effect transistors (FeSmFET).
 The devices are prepared from mechanically exfoliated ultrathin crystals,
 using 
\begin_inset Formula $\ensuremath{\alpha}\textrm{-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 for the channel layer.
 Contact to the crystal was done using a novel photolithography process
 and metal evaporation.
 In traditional ferroelectric field effect transistors the semiconducting
 channel is controlled using a ferroelectric-dielectric, this is reversed
 in a FeSmFET where the channel is a ferroelectric semiconductor.
 I present results of our transport measurements on the FeSmFET devices,
 evidence for polarization-controlled behavior and evidence for an electric-fiel
d-induced metallic state in thin crystals of 
\begin_inset Formula $\ensuremath{\alpha}\textrm{-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

.
 Magneto electrical transport measurements revealed the effect of weak localizat
ion and high carrier densities in the metallic state.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I also present our work on molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) grown films of 
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-InSe on GaAs.
 Raman spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, and transmission electron microscopy
 were used to characterize these films.
 Hall bar devices were then fabricated using photolithography and plasma
 etching.
 These films were found to be extremely resistive, with the temperature
 dependent resistivity measurable only above room temperature, showing insulatin
g behavior.
 Through Hall effect measurements, these films of 
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-InSe were found to show high mobility, typically reported in (encapsulated)
 exfoliated and a few thin film devices, though the films were found to
 not be electrically isolated from the underlying substrate.
 The transmission electron microscopy showed the presence of many stacking
 faults within the growth which may account for the high resistivity in
 the film and limit the mobility.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Work on 
\begin_inset Formula $\ensuremath{\alpha}\textrm{-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-InSe presented in this dissertation shows the great potential of these
 two layered TMCs as electronic materials.
 Potentially providing an avenue to study ferroelectric dipoles in a metallic
 state and examine the interaction of polarization and conduction electrons.
 Our work also illustrates the potential application of molecular beam epitaxy
 grown InSe microelectronics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{singlespace}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
