#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass psuthesis
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Acknowledgments}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I am grateful to my labmates for all their help during my Ph.D.: Shaun, Xinxin,
 and Brian for all their training and guidance in my experiments and navigating
 grad school; as well as Yixuan, Nathan, Bennett, Caroline, Shaoqing, Jinyuan,
 and Zixuan for working with me and helping me run experiments.
 I would like to acknowledge the staff at the Penn State Nanofab and Materials
 Characterization Lab for all their training, guidance, and work that let
 us make and measure devices.
 I would also like to thank my adviser Professor Liu for all his helpful
 advice and support, as well as my committee for their guidance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I thank my wonderful friends, partner, parents, dogs, and family for all
 their support and encouragement during grad school, I would not have finished
 without them.
 I wanted to add names here, but the list of all the amazing people in my
 life got quite long, but if you are reading this you are probably on that
 list.
 I also thank my sister for catching many of the typos and other errors
 in this dissertation, though I am sure that I managed to hide plenty more
 from her.
 A shout out to the fantastic authors and audiobook narrators who kept me
 sane though the many boring hours spent in lab, thank you.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, I acknowledge financial support for device preparation and characteriza
tion provided by the National Science Foundation through the Penn State
 2D Crystal Consortium-Materials Innovation Platform (2DCC-MIP) under NSF
 cooperative agreement DMR-1539916, by the National Science Foundation under
 grant No.
 EFMA1433378, and that for electrical measurements and data analysis provided
 by the U.S.
 Department of Energy, Office of Science, Office of Basic Energy Sciences
 Energy Frontier Research Centers program under Award Number DE-SC0021118.
 All findings, conclusions, opinions, and suggestions in this dissertation
 are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the view of the
 funding agency.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
