#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass psuthesis
\options phd
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmodern" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype true
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing other 1.24
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusions
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "chapter:Conclusion"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this dissertation, I discussed transport measurements and characterization
 of 
\begin_inset Formula $\textrm{\ensuremath{\alpha}-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-InSe using FeSmFETs and and Hall bar devices, fabricated from 2D crystals
 of 
\begin_inset Formula $\textrm{\ensuremath{\alpha}-In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 prepared by mechanically exfoliated from bulk crystals on 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{SiO_{2}}$
\end_inset

/Si substrates and 
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-InSe films were grown by MBE.
 The 
\begin_inset Formula $\textrm{In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 was determined to belong to the 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha$
\end_inset

 polymorph through Raman and X-ray Diffraction microscopy, and the 
\begin_inset Formula $R3m$
\end_inset

 space group with angle-resolved second harmonic generation.
 Room temperature field effect transistor measurements showed behavior typical
 of a semiconductor with Schottky barrier contacts.
 Thinner samples displayed an atypical source-drain current-voltage behavior
 indicative of polarization controlled Schottky barriers.
 Current-gate voltage sweep displayed hysteresis that is likely from a combinati
on of charge trapping and polarization switching altering the contact barriers.
 The 
\begin_inset Formula $\textrm{In}_{2}\textrm{Se}_{3}$
\end_inset

 FeSmFETs gate hysteresis persisted down to liquid helium temperatures.
 Examination of the effects of temperature for particular gate voltages,
 extracted from a voltage sweep, displayed a changing conduction behavior.
 When the gate voltage was swept to 75 V, the temperature-conduction showed
 the emergence of a metal-like state.
 This behavior was fit to various conduction theories, including for polarizatio
n-controlled ferroelectric channels and disorder driven conduction.
 Magnetic-field measurements showed weak localization at low temperatures
 and a carrier density at 75 V typical of what is seen in a metal channel.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-InSe was grown via molecular beam epitaxy on GaAs substrates.
 Raman, X-ray Diffraction, and transmission electron microscopy were used
 to determine the film was the 
\begin_inset Formula $\gamma$
\end_inset

-polymorph and likely single phase.
 The resistivity behavior of the film was was insulating in behavior, decreasing
 with increasing temperature, and values around 21-27 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{\Omega\cdot cm}$
\end_inset

at room temperature.
 The film was found to not be electrically isolated from the underlying
 substrate.
 Hall measurements showed high mobility at 300 and 400 K, in the range 850-4700
 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{cm^{2}V^{-1}s^{-1}}$
\end_inset

.
 Analysis by transmission electron microscopy revealed the presence of stacking
 faults within the film, likely limiting the maximum mobility achievable
 within our devices.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
